I"=
<p>If we can say toddlerhood as “Terrible Two’s”, then the threes and fours are more challenging for many parents. Around the age of four a child becomes aware of the world outside, increasingly curious about things happening in the family and the small world to which he or she is exposed. This is the age of questioning, being aware of his or her needs and desires and behaving in a particular way when the needs and desires are not met with.</p>

<blockquote>
  <p>Parents have to be very sensitive and cautious when dealing with children of this age. It is very important to connect to the child on an emotional level. A preschooler should be assured of his or her security in a family. For this reason, a harmonious and happy relationship between family members especially Mother and Father is extremely necessary. This provides emotional stability in the child. Parents have to connect with the child on a one-on-one basis.</p>
</blockquote>

<p>It is necessary to spend special time with the child. Simple acts on the part of the parent like reading aloud to the child, listening to songs, painting, solving puzzles, watching cartoons, playing with him or her and engaging in other activities of the child will develop the parent child bonding further and give emotional security to the child.  Involving the preschooler in simple chores like passing the salt while cooking, helping in baking, laying the table for dinner along with the parents will boost the self-esteem of the child. These simple acts will make the child feel important and empowered. Having a meal together at least once or twice a week eating healthy vegetables and fruits with the child will encourage the child to eat healthy thereby improving his or her eating habits too.</p>

<p>Bonding with the child by understanding the emotional needs and providing that security will give mental and emotional stability and the child will be less likely to show tantrums, will share his or her fears and insecurities with the parents. Conversing with the preschooler about his or her feelings, fears and anxieties, likes and dislikes, and also about his or her day, sharing one’s own childhood stories, anxiety and fears experienced as a kid will provide confidence to the child. One can even connect with the child on an emotional level by sharing how one is nervous about something like joining a new office and meeting new people. Connecting to the child’s emotion by putting oneself in his or her shoes and expressing oneself like saying how sad one is that the child’s favorite toy is broken will rule out the child’s anxiety.</p>
:ET